.\" This man page was written by Shiju P. Nair <shiju@infovillage.net>
.TH LAZY 1 "Dec 2, 2002"
.SH NAME
lazy \- A simple CD player with CDDB support to display song titles

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBlazy [ -crkv ] [ -d ] [ -l\fP \fI<list>\fP \fB] [ -o \fI<track>\fP \fB ] [ -t [r|e] ] [ -s ] [ -h ]\fP

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBLazy\fP is a console-based CD player with support for CDDB/FreeDB. 
It displays artist, album, and song names, looking at the main 
freedb-server for unrecognized songs. It can also extract audio digitally 
if the CD-ROM drive does not have an analog audio cable connected to it. 
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 
.BR -c
close the tray before playing the disk.
.TP
.BR -d
use digital extraction. 
.TP
.B -k
keep the music playing when the program exits.
.TP
.B -l
play only track numbers given by \fI<list>\fP.
.TP
.B -o
start playing from track \fI<track>\fP.
.TP
.B -r
play in random mode.
.TP
.B -s
just show the track names, without playing them.
.TP
.B -f <device>
override the CDROM device specified in \fI ~/.lazyrc
.TP
.B -t[r|e]
show the track's elapsed/remaining time.
.br
.IR e 
  displays elapsed time.

.IR r
  displays remaining time.

If none is specified, behave as set in \fI ~/.lazyrc
.TP
.B -v 
verbose mode.
.TP
.B -h
lists help.

.SH CONFIG FILES
.I ~/.lazyrc
.RS
Per user configuration file. 
.nf

Opions available are:

CDDEV=/dev/cdrom                # the CDROM device
AUDIODEV=/dev/dsp               # the AUDIO dev, used by digital extr.
ADDRESS=freedb.freedb.org       # the CDDB server address
PORT=888                        # the CDDB server port
CDDB_PATH=~/cddb                # path to the local cddb_dir
REMAINING | ELAPSED             # display remaining or elapsed time
.fi

.SH AUTHOR
Lucas Correia Villa Real  <lucasvr@gobolinux.org>

This manual page was written by Shiju P. Nair <shiju@infovillage.net>,
for the Debian GNU/Linux system

Enjoy it!
